## GeVault.modifyTicks can break ticks order
Github -> https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-08-goodentry/blob/main/contracts/GeVault.sol#L171
The issue here is that this function allows the owner to add a TR on an arbitrary place in the `ticks` list. This breaks the assumption that the `ticks` list is always ordered.

## GeVault.checkSetApprove may revert
Github -> https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-08-goodentry/blob/main/contracts/GeVault.sol#L386
If `amount > 0` and `allowance < amount`, the function `safeIncreaseAllowance` will revert, because we are passing an increase of `type(uint).max` (will overflow). The usage of `safeIncreaseAllowance` with uint256 max is discouraged, and `safeApprove` should be used (approval race condition is irrelevant if we want max allowance). Though this function reverting seems pretty critical, it seems that in the current state of the code we will not have any case where `allowance` is neither 0 nor max. Still, we encourage this change.

## RoeRouter allows the addition of the same pool more than once
Github -> https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-08-goodentry/blob/main/contracts/RoeRouter.sol#L76
The owner can call `addPool` to add an already existing pool. This leads to a state where a single pool address will have more than one poolId. What's more, one of those poolIds might be deprecated and the other not.

## DeprecatePool event gets emitted even if the pool was already deprecated (QA)
Github -> https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-08-goodentry/blob/main/contracts/RoeRouter.sol#L50
Function `deprecatePool` always emits a `DeprecatePool` event, regardless of whether or not the pool in questioning had already been deprecated before.

